# Hellfire Control Engine
A new open-source game engine being developed by Owen Meyers. Updates on currently in-development systems will be published in development diaries whenever they are finished on my YouTube page here: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCFhODw-0yz9JCvRIl_9NLdg
## Design Goal
The goal of the Hellfire Control Engine is to build an open-source multiplatform general-purpose game engine. This is to be an exercise in my personal coding ability and style, but will be designed with proper utilization in mind. 2D and 3D will be supported, and there will be custom file types for saving and loading game resources, all of which powered by a custom suite of tools dubbed the Hephaestus Toolchain (will be linked when work is available).
## Future Use
The HC Engine (or HCE) will be utilized in several games built by myself for use of demoing the tech as well as for the sake of building games as a hobby. The engine will be constantly updated with new features and the goal will be to allow external developers the ability to contribute of their own accord (properly checked before merging, of course).
## How to properly install
Presently, the engine is set up within Visual Studio 2019, although it doesn't have any platform specific code just yet. Simply utilize CMake to deploy the project from the command line within the source folder using the command ``cmake -S ./ -B ../[your working directory]``. This will generate the project automatically for you, provided you have Visual Studio 2019 installed. Presently, this has not been tested or built for other C/C++ compilers, but it will be in the future.
## Contributing
Presently, the current settings require a review of your code before it can be merged in (as per usual for open-source projects). There are not, however, any features listed to be worked on. Presently, I am still working on designing the engine in my spare time, and as such, it will take some time before it is ready to utilize properly. If you would like to contribute to the design of the engine, or in general help out as a collaborator, email me at ``owenmeyers.sc@gmail.com`` and put ``[HCE]`` in the subject line. I will respond as soon as I can. Thanks :) 
